Review

 Starring one of the world’s most iconic Super Heroes, Marvel's Spider-Man features the acrobatic abilities,
 improvisation and web-slinging that the wall-crawler is famous for, while also introducing elements never-before-seen
 in a Spider-Man game. Mix and match a varied set of evolved combat mechanics, including melee, aerial combat, webs,
 stealth, and unique high-tech gadgets that highlight Spider-Man’s boundless acrobatic agility and active combat style.
 Sony Interactive Entertainment, Insomniac Games, and Marvel have teamed up to create a brand-new and authentic
 Spider-Man adventure. This isn’t the Spider-Man you’ve met or ever seen before. After eight years behind the mask,
 Peter Parker is more experienced, confident, and masterful with his dynamic powers and abilities than ever before.
 However, balancing his dual life as Spider-Man proves difficult as he struggles with his own personal responsibilities
 and relationships while knowing that the safety and fate of New York City rests upon his shoulders.

great powers comes great responsibility

MARVEL’S SPIDER-MAN. BE GREATER.
When a new villain threatens New York City, Peter Parker and Spider-Man’s worlds collide. To save the city and those he loves, he must rise up and be greater.

A BRAND-NEW AND AUTHENTIC SPIDER-MAN ADVENTURE
Sony Interactive Entertainment, Insomniac Games, and Marvel have teamed up to create a brand-new and authentic Spider-Man adventure. This isn’t the Spider-Man you’ve met or ever seen before. This is an experienced Peter Parker who’s more masterful at fighting big crime in New York City. At the same time, he’s struggling to balance his chaotic personal life and career while the fate of millions of New Yorkers rest upon his shoulders.

Features

Be Spider-Man – After eight years behind the mask, Peter Parker is a crime-fighting master. Feel the full power of a more experienced Spider-Man with improvisational combat, dynamic acrobatics, fluid urban traversal, and environmental interactions. A rookie no longer, this is the most masterful Spider-Man you’ve ever played.
Worlds Collide – The worlds of Peter Parker and Spider-Man collide in an original action-packed story. In this new Spider-Man universe, iconic characters from Peter and Spider-Man’s lives have been reimagined, placing familiar characters in unique roles.
Marvel’s New York is Your Playground – The Big Apple comes to life as Insomniac’s most expansive and interactive world yet. Swing through vibrant neighborhoods and catch breathtaking views of iconic Marvel and Manhattan landmarks. Use the environment to defeat villains with epic takedowns in true blockbuster action.